hello and welcome to our visualization
demonstration surrounding food
insecurity in the United States right
now you're looking at our homepage and
to see our visualizations you can go to
the menu in the top left corner and
select map analysis and exploration or
poverty rate analysis first we'll look
at the map so we've plotted
the food deserts across the United
States the size of the point is
dependent on the county population and
the luminance of the point is dependent
on the County's severity of food
insecurity
below we look at the relationship
between food insecurity and County
population
food insecurity and the percentage of
the county receiving SNAP benefits and
food insecurity against the percentage
of the county without access to vehicles
if you brush over the map you'll see the
Scatter Plots below change
we have tooltip functionality on the
Scatter Plots that allows you to see the
county name state name population and
severity percentage
to reset the selection you can click the
button up here in the top left
and it will update the Scatter Plots
again
for further exploration of the map you
can click map exploration
and you'll see the same map again but
now you can zoom in and hover for
tool tips to see more information about
the graph
now our last visualization
is the poverty rate analysis here you
can see the relationship between food
insecurity versus poverty rate and the
luminance of the points is dependent on
the percentage of the population
receiving SNAP benefits we have the
tooltip functionality again on this
graph and we also have the option to
filter for a specific state
thank you so much and we hope you
enjoyed